Upper Mountain Software Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you install, visit, or use Cookie (the “Application”).

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you visit the Application, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Application, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Application, and information about how you interact with the Application. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”

We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

    
    - “Log files” track actions occurring on the Application, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
    - “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Application.

Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Application, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.”

We also may collect data on the following events in the Application:
	- Each time a new screen is shown
	- Timing of steps, and other information about the cooking process in the Application.
	- Stack traces and debugging information related to crashes and errors.

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.

HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Application (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Application (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Application, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. These third partys include:
	- Segment (https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
	- Mixpanel (https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/)
	- Sentry (https://sentry.io/privacy/)


Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.

You can opt out of targeted advertising at the following locations:
    - Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads)
    - Google (https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous)
    - Bing (https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads)

Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.

DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Application’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Application), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Application, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.

CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at uppermountainsoftware@gmail.com.

  
